OpenAchievement is a project attempting to provide a platform-agnostic, open
source achievement/award/trophy web site and service.

== Achievements ==

XBox and Steam achievements, PS3 trophies, Kongregate badges and other similar
awards let you celebrate your progress and interesting accomplishments. The
problem is, these are all separate... to see them all in one place you'll have
to subscribe to a third-party system like [[http://www.raptr.com/|Raptr]] or
[[http://www.gamerdna.com/|GamerDNA]].

Developers either have to waste their valuable development time rolling their
own achievement system, or they have to tie their achievements to a specific
platform.

=== The Site ===

The site will provide a place for ''Players'':

* One login for all OpenAchievement games.
* One place to see your achievements.
* One place to see what achievements are in your games.
* See what other games your friends, favourite developers and publishers have.

For ''Developers'':

* Create achievements for your games:
** Upload (or enter) names and descriptions.
** Upload images.
** Assign ''Award Points'' or use standard categories: Bronze (5), Silver (10), Gold (25) and Diamond (50).
** Flag hidden achievements as ''Secret''.
* Use the OpenAchievement APIs to handle game registration, achievement rewards, ''etc.''
* View stats about the number of players you have, achievements you've given, ''etc.''

For ''Publishers'':

* Organize the ''Developers'' you publish.
* View stats about the number of players, achievements, ''etc.''

== Files ==

; ''achievement''
: Source code for the OpenAchievement web site. Python 2.7 and Flask.
; ''Open Achievement Braindump.mm''
: A [[http://freemind.sourceforge.net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page|FreeMind]] design document for OpenAchievement.

== License ==

I haven't decided yet, but it'll be one that lets you do whatever you want with
the code as long as you give credit to the OpenAchievement project and provide a
link to the GitHub repository. [[mailto:chrish@pobox.com|Suggestions welcome!]]
Probably [[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/|CC - Attribution 4.0 International]].

I want the site to be a common location for people to show off their achievements,
but I also want to let companies run their own achievements if they don't want to
use the public site (maybe you want to have an internal achievements system for
software builds, or your company requires a branded version).

== Who ==

[[mailto:chrish@pobox.com|Chris Herborth]] is slowly but surely making this.

I wanted achievements in the [[https://twitter.com/marooned_game|game]] I'm
working on, and figured everyone else shouldn't have to write their own too.
